com/example/superhero/databinding/AppearanceFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.AppearanceFragmentBinding
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/ConnectionsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.ConnectionsViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.ConnectionsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.ConnectionsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/superhero/dil/SuperHeroesModule_GetRepositoryFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.dil.SuperHeroesModule_GetRepositoryFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_fragment_DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_fragment_DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.superhero.MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/databinding/PowerstatsFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.PowerstatsFragmentBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_fragment_BiographyFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_fragment_BiographyFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/fragment/Hilt_AppearanceFragment.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.Hilt_AppearanceFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_fragment_AppearanceFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_fragment_AppearanceFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_viewmodel_SuperHeroesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_viewmodel_SuperHeroesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_dil_SuperHeroesModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_dil_SuperHeroesModule
com/example/superhero/fragment/Hilt_PowerStatsFragment.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.Hilt_PowerStatsFragment
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/PowerStatsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.PowerStatsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.PowerStatsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/superhero/data/entities/usecase/GetStatsUseCaseImp_Factory.java
 com.example.superhero.data.entities.usecase.GetStatsUseCaseImp_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_viewmodel_ConnectionsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_viewmodel_ConnectionsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/superhero/dil/SuperHeroesModule_GetUsesCaseBiographyFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.dil.SuperHeroesModule_GetUsesCaseBiographyFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_fragment_ConnectionsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_fragment_ConnectionsFragment_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_superhero_MainApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_superhero_MainApplication
com/example/superhero/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.superhero.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.superhero.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/BiographyViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.BiographyViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.BiographyViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.BiographyViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/superhero/fragment/ConnectionsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.ConnectionsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/databinding/SuperHeroFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.SuperHeroFragmentBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_fragment_PowerStatsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_fragment_PowerStatsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/SuperHeroesViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.SuperHeroesViewModel_Factory
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/AppearanceViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.AppearanceViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.AppearanceViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/ConnectionsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.ConnectionsViewModel_Factory
com/example/superhero/databinding/ConnectionsFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.ConnectionsFragmentBindingImpl
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/AppearanceViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.AppearanceViewModel_Factory
com/example/superhero/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.superhero.BuildConfig
com/example/superhero/databinding/ConnectionsFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.ConnectionsFragmentBinding
com/example/superhero/fragment/DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_viewmodel_BiographyViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_viewmodel_BiographyViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/superhero/dil/SuperHeroesModule_GetUsesCaseStatsFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.dil.SuperHeroesModule_GetUsesCaseStatsFactory
com/example/superhero/fragment/Hilt_BiographyFragment.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.Hilt_BiographyFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_viewmodel_AppearanceViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_viewmodel_AppearanceViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/superhero/repository/RepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.superhero.repository.RepositoryImpl_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_viewmodel_BiographyViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_viewmodel_BiographyViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/superhero/data/entities/usecase/GetConnectionsUseCaseImp_Factory.java
 com.example.superhero.data.entities.usecase.GetConnectionsUseCaseImp_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_fragment_SuperHeroFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_fragment_SuperHeroFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/fragment/BiographyFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.BiographyFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/databinding/BiographyFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.BiographyFragmentBinding
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/PowerStatsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.PowerStatsViewModel_Factory
com/example/superhero/databinding/BiographyFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.BiographyFragmentBindingImpl
com/example/superhero/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.superhero.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.superhero.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.superhero.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/superhero/fragment/AppearanceFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.AppearanceFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/databinding/DetailFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.DetailFragmentBinding
com/example/superhero/databinding/AppearanceFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.AppearanceFragmentBindingImpl
com/example/superhero/fragment/Hilt_SuperHeroFragment.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.Hilt_SuperHeroFragment
com/example/superhero/dil/SuperHeroesModule_GetUsesCaseConnectionsFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.dil.SuperHeroesModule_GetUsesCaseConnectionsFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_viewmodel_AppearanceViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_viewmodel_AppearanceViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/BiographyViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.BiographyViewModel_Factory
com/example/superhero/databinding/SuperHeroFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.SuperHeroFragmentBinding
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/SuperHeroesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.SuperHeroesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.SuperHeroesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/superhero/fragment/SuperHeroFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.SuperHeroFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/data/entities/usecase/GetBiographyUseCaseImp_Factory.java
 com.example.superhero.data.entities.usecase.GetBiographyUseCaseImp_Factory
com/example/superhero/dil/SuperHeroesModule_GetServicesRXFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.dil.SuperHeroesModule_GetServicesRXFactory
 com.example.superhero.dil.SuperHeroesModule_GetServicesRXFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/superhero/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.superhero.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/superhero/databinding/DetailFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.DetailFragmentBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_viewmodel_SuperHeroesViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_viewmodel_SuperHeroesViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/AppearanceViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.AppearanceViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.AppearanceViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.AppearanceViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/ConnectionsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.ConnectionsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.ConnectionsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/superhero/data/entities/usecase/GetAppearanceUseCaseImp_Factory.java
 com.example.superhero.data.entities.usecase.GetAppearanceUseCaseImp_Factory
com/example/superhero/BR.java
 com.example.superhero.BR
com/example/superhero/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.superhero.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/superhero/databinding/PowerstatsFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.PowerstatsFragmentBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_viewmodel_PowerStatsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_viewmodel_PowerStatsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/superhero/databinding/SuperHeroItemBinding.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.SuperHeroItemBinding
com/example/superhero/fragment/PowerStatsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.PowerStatsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/BiographyViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.BiographyViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.BiographyViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/superhero/dil/SuperHeroesModule_GetUsesCaseAppearanceFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.dil.SuperHeroesModule_GetUsesCaseAppearanceFactory
com/example/superhero/data/entities/usecase/GetSuperHeroUseCaseImp_Factory.java
 com.example.superhero.data.entities.usecase.GetSuperHeroUseCaseImp_Factory
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/SuperHeroesViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.SuperHeroesViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.SuperHeroesViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.SuperHeroesViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/superhero/databinding/SuperHeroItemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.superhero.databinding.SuperHeroItemBindingImpl
com/example/superhero/dil/SuperHeroesModule_GetUsesCaseSuperheroFactory.java
 com.example.superhero.dil.SuperHeroesModule_GetUsesCaseSuperheroFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_viewmodel_ConnectionsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_viewmodel_ConnectionsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/superhero/fragment/Hilt_DetailFragment.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.Hilt_DetailFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_superhero_viewmodel_PowerStatsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_superhero_viewmodel_PowerStatsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/superhero/fragment/Hilt_ConnectionsFragment.java
 com.example.superhero.fragment.Hilt_ConnectionsFragment
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/superhero/viewmodel/PowerStatsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.PowerStatsViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.PowerStatsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.superhero.viewmodel.PowerStatsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
